README.md, before:

# RIMROCK

```
"A website that allows you to lookup climbing locations and gear retailers"
```

Project Midterm, one week sprint.

Members:
[Dan](https://github.com/daniellogerstedt),
[Ben](https://github.com/BenSTay),
[Jason](https://github.com/jasonb315),
[Andrew](https://github.com/amjcurtis)

------------------------------

## USER STORIES

[GO TO FILE](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/UserStories.txt)

------------------------------
## DB SCHEMA

![DBSchema](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/assets/db-schema-rimrock.png)

## WIREFRAMES

![Color](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/color.png)

![Login](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/login.png)

![Search](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/search.png)

![SearchResults](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/searchResults.png)

------------------------------

## Change Log

0.1.0: 12APR2019 *Initial publish*

0.1.1: 15APR2019 READEME: User Stories moved to file, header

Commit message:

Link to Rimrock API in ReadMe

README.md, after:

# RIMROCK

```
"A website that allows you to lookup climbing locations and gear retailers"
```

Project Midterm, one week sprint.

Members:
[Dan](https://github.com/daniellogerstedt),
[Ben](https://github.com/BenSTay),
[Jason](https://github.com/jasonb315),
[Andrew](https://github.com/amjcurtis)

------------------------------

## USER STORIES

[GO TO FILE](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/UserStories.txt)

------------------------------
## DB SCHEMA

![DBSchema](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/assets/db-schema-rimrock.png)

## API

Rimrock is supported by the Rimrock API. See the API on [GitHub](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock_api).

------------------------------

## WIREFRAMES

![Color](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/color.png)

![Login](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/login.png)

![Search](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/search.png)

![SearchResults](https://github.com/house-rimrock/rimrock/blob/master/wireframes/searchResults.png)

------------------------------

## Change Log

0.1.0: 12APR2019 *Initial publish*

0.1.1: 15APR2019 READEME: User Stories moved to file, header
